majuli all of you flick freaks out there
what's going on my name is Indra we are
here with another reaction video so I'm
Dante a couple months ago posted his
roast of Tyrone and it's one of those
videos I'm constantly kicking myself in
the ass for not recording my reaction
too because that video was fucking
hilarious I it didn't expect it to be as
funny as it was and now he has decided
to roast ryan right and the real rejects
so yeah I am NOT going to be missing
this one this is just the trailer that
we're going to be reacting to right now
this dude actually got screen junkies
honest trailer voiceover the honest
trailer reactor or the honest trailer
voice guy to do hit this trailer and
that's fucking cool so we're going to
jump right into this and see what I'm
Dante has for us so here we go in a time
when all that reactors did was react
came a man who had more in mind with his
youtube channel on its catchy name on
Dante wait I'm donde really okay he
decided that he would do a roast on the
biggest reactors out there because well
he had nothing else better to do and
thus the roast of Tyrone Magnus was born
so that's how started to spread around
like wildfire everybody took the roast
well and he couldn't have been happier
tells me funny man tonight said buddy
know what's going on but like this all
the good fun man but officials greenlit
from sponsor like I knew this was gonna
happen to like this is reactors you want
to be nothing that something like this
was gonna happen I didn't expect you to
control the reactors you know I mean
it's not for something one of his videos
too yeah mom sue briefly um I think that
this guy Dante has some talent I did I
didn't expect to enjoy no offense Dante
the only thing funnier than your rose to
it was watching Tyrone overreacting a
roast it was hilarious little ninja
turtle that was that was pretty funny
and hopefully when you become a bigger
in the reactor universe in the reactors
burst we can collaborate in the future
and how you know I can make sure I show
you just how strong this Hawk I really
can be
that is like that twisted turned upside
down right rights of the roast and he
just frowned not only was Ryan's
reaction to the roast unbearable to
watch he also insulted daunting to tears
leaving him to cower in the corner like
an infant jeez Ryan I thought that one
over here while the roast of Tyrone
rides the ways of success there have
been others tried to ride the wave as
well wait a second why did it cut to me
I see how it is real original movie mad
mark copy that I'm daunted uh no what if
I were to tell you that I came up with
the idea to roast of the South Pole
grows way before Dante uploaded his
roast for Tyrone vagueness then I'd be
lying bad relax it was too blind to see
that all the jokes he wrote were
complete garbage that was hard to watch
those horsemen really you're giving
yourself the biggest disaster in the
world the riders of the Apocalypse your
son please for your foreign eyes that
sit down what you help this must be the
end of the world I guess with reaction
videos less educated you'll be the name
forever clockwork cyborg when all
honesty should stick to trolling because
he trolled Tyrone into thinking he would
be funny I'm watching conference on
board for a wise man but I had watched
you in a wild man ain't honor of my
personality I literally in a couple of
days went through all your videos of
prison my pants life it's cold Oh suit
you
and many others that nobody cares about
now with thousands of subscribers behind
him and all of them practically begging
for a second roast he's proud to say
that it has been completed hi nice wine
then the next one fellow siksa guru
hosted by andante storing aqus on the
night suppose we reject I don't care if
you go don't go brew don't let anyone
but you better go head fucking far edge
account like really fucking brutal
notice how it doesn't say the roast of
the real rejects he is singling out Ryan
because of what Ryan did god I cannot
wait a lot of good stuff happening in
September all right everybody there we
go if Ryan is not crying tears of woe by
the end of this roast you didn't hit
your mark he challenged you to be as
brutal as you can and if you go through
hull of Ryan's videos you got a lot of
material to go off of my friend but you
know what after watching your Tyrone
Magnus roast I have total confidence
that you can pull this off so I'm very
excited to see what you've done take it
to the next level my friend I'll catch
you then thank you everybody for
watching if you wouldn't mind leave it
comes below and hit the subscribe button
over there support me on patreon because
we're all going to make the channel
better together I'll catch you in the
next video and until then Godspeed my
name is cliff siffredi we're from
bangbus com we specialize in porn
pop-ups malware spyware adware and the
like if you have bonsai buddy on your
computer you can thank us baby and this
video is over